Update substitutions.md (#429)
elastic/docs-builder: docs/syntax/substitutions.md

If a substitution is defined globally it may not be redefined (shaded) in a files `frontmatter`. 
Doing so will result in a build error.

> To use the keywords in your files, surround them in curly brackets (`{{key}}`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the variables in your files, surround them in curly brackets (`{{variable}}`).
```

`keywords` has a more fixed meaning e.g keywords in programmings languages are reserved words (if/else/while etc).
